Countable pseudocharacter (#695)
pi-base/data: properties/P000002.md

---
uid: P000002
name: $T_1$
aliases:
  - Fréchet
  - T1
refs:
  - wikipedia: T1_space
    name: T1 space on Wikipedia
  - doi: 10.1007/978-1-4612-6290-9
    name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

Any of the following equivalent properties holds:

- Given any two distinct points, each has a neighborhood not containing the other point.
- Points are closed in $X$ (that is, for each $x\in X$ the singleton $\{x\}$ is closed).

> - Each point is an intersection of open sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each point is an intersection of its (open) neighborhoods.
```

For whatever reason, this wording feels more obvious to me.

Reviewer: Oh and it's used in T501
